Adds a new page for read-only roles (#2280)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/ha-replicas/read-scaling.md

instances with up-to-date production data for analysis or scaling out
reads.

<Highlight type="important">
Using a separate read replica for read-only access provides both security and

> resource isolation. This means that the read-only user can't access the main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource isolation. This means that users with read-only permissions can't access the main
```

> database directly. If you require the security of a read-only user, but do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database directly. If you need to restrict the access of a read-only user but do not
```

> require resource isolation, you can create a read-only role in your database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
want to isolate the resource, you can create a read-only role in your database
```
